OK, so we just calculated the velocity for the first segment, so I'm actually just going to call this
velocity one and I'm I'm just going to denote that by saying this.
So that's our indicator.
That's our first velocity.
Now, we still need to calculate the other velocities over here for segments two, three and four.
So how do we go about doing that?
I'm going to do a little erasing here because I wasn't really saving myself too much room in order to
calculate these other ones out.
And I apologize for that.
But here we go.
So what I'm going to start you race.
Is this in here?
So for for kicking out the slope of segment number two, what we're going to do here is change our initial
and final positions.
So now, now.
So before we start over here and we were over here.
So this is our initial position and our final position.
Now we're over here.
This is our initial position and this is our final position.
So let's plug in our numbers, why f well, r y is 60 for F.
Minus why I oh, that's also 60.
Divided by x f, which is 25.
Minus EXI, which is 15.
60 miles, 60 is zero, divide that by any number.
And our answer is going to be zero.
Meters per minute.
And this is our velocity to.
Wait a minute, so does that make sense that we would have a varsity of zero here?
Well, yes, it should, because we're tackling the slope of these lines.
And is this segment is this would you describe this to be sloping up or sloping down or does it have
no slope?
I wouldn't say that that has any slope at all whatsoever.
I mean, if I was to be going skiing and I saw that that's the held I'm skiing on, I'd be rather rather
annoyed being that it has no slope.
And that's exactly that what we see here.
And that's what we calculated that has zero slope because over that period, what we did was we just
shopped at the grocery store for that amount of time.
We didn't move from the grocery store at all.
Maybe we did a little bit around inside the grocery store, but we're not included in that.
We stayed at the position of the grocery store for that 10 minutes.